Prep version 1.3.0 (#3768)
sqlfluff/sqlfluff: CHANGELOG.md

-->
<!--Start Of Releases (DO NOT DELETE THIS LINE)-->

## [1.3.0] - 2022-08-21

## Highlights

> This release brings several potentially breaking changes to the underlying parse tree. For

Reviewer: Suggest adding:
```
* New command-line option `--show-lint-violations` to show details on unfixable errors when running `sqlfluff fix`
* Improve consistency of process exit codes
* Jinja templater: When `--ignore=templating` is enabled, undefined Jinja variables now take on "reasonable" default values rather than blank string (`""`). This can streamline initial rollout of SQLFluff by reducing or eliminating the need to configure templater variables.

users of the cli tool in a linting context you should notice no change. If however
your application relies on the structure of the SQLFluff parse tree or the naming of certain
elements within the yaml format, then this may not be a drop-in replacement. Specifically:
- The addition of a new `end_of_file` meta segment at the end of the parse structure.
- The addition of a `template_loop` meta segment to signify a jump backward in the source
  file within a loop structure (e.g. a jinja for loop).
- Much more specific types on some raw segments, in particular `identifier` and `literal`
  type segments will now appear in the parse tree with their more specific type (which
  used to be called `name`) e.g. `naked_identifier`, `quoted_identifier`, `numeric_literal` etc...

If using the python api, the _parent_ type (such as `identifier`) will still register if
you call `.is_type("identifier")`, as this function checks all inherited types. However the
eventual type returned by `.get_type()` will now be (in most cases) what used to be accessible
at `.name`. The `name` attribute will be deprecated in a future release.

> There are also a _ton_ of other features and bigfixes in this realease, including first-time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are also a _ton_ of other features and bug fixes in this release, including first-time
```
